# 10. Disclaimer



This white paper is only for the purpose of conveying information, and the content of the document is for reference only, and does not constitute any investment advice, instigation or invitation for the sale of digital commodities PPF\&PPG. Such solicitation must be in the form of a confidential memorandum and must comply with applicable securities and other laws. The content of this document shall not be construed as a forced participation in the exchange. Any actions related to this white paper shall not be regarded as participation in the exchange, including requesting a copy of this white paper or sharing this white paper with others. Participating in the swap means that the participants have reached the age standard, have complete civil capacity, and the purchase behavior of participation is real and effective.

The Perfect Planet Foundation will continue to make reasonable attempts to ensure that the information in this white paper is true and accurate. During the process, the platform may be updated, including but not limited to platform mechanism, tokens and their mechanisms, and token distribution. Part of the content of the document may be adjusted accordingly in the new version of the white paper as the project progresses. The Perfect Planet Foundation will announce the updated content to the public by publishing announcements on the website or the new version of the white paper. Participants are requested to obtain the latest version of the white paper in a timely manner, and adjust their decisions in time according to the updated content. The Perfect Planet Foundation shall not be liable for any losses incurred by participants due to (i) reliance on the content of this document, (ii) inaccuracies in the information in this document, and (iii) any actions resulting from this document. The Perfect Planet Foundation will spare no effort to achieve the goals mentioned in the document. However, due to the existence of force majeure, the Perfect Planet Foundation cannot fully fulfill its commitment.

The Perfect Planet token is an important tool for the platform's performance and is not an investment. Owning a token does not mean granting its owner ownership, control, and decision-making power over the ecological platform. Being a cryptographic token does not fall into the following categories: (a) currency of any kind; (b) securities; (c) equity in legal entities; (d) stocks, bonds, notes, warrants, certificates or other grants to any instruments of rights.

The value-added of PPG\&PPF depends on the market rules and the demand after the application is implemented. It may not have any value. The Perfect Planet Foundation makes no commitment to its value-added, and will not be responsible for the consequences of its value increase or decrease. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, the Foundation shall not be liable for any damages and risks arising from participation in the swap, including but not limited to direct or indirect personal damages, business profits, loss of information or any other economic losses. The Perfect Planet platform complies with any regulations that are conducive to the healthy development of the industry and industry self-discipline declarations. Participant participation constitutes full acceptance and compliance with such inspections. At the same time, all information disclosed by participants must be complete and accurate. The Perfect Planet platform clearly communicates the possible risks to the participants. Once the participants participate in the exchange, it means that they have confirmed their understanding and recognition of the terms and conditions in the detailed rules, accept the potential risks of this platform, and bear the consequences at their own risk.
