# Summary

Perfect Planet is the first metaverse game for planetary exploration, with the theme of science fiction on unknown alien planets, covering characters, monsters, mines and other elements. Perfect Planet's game style is unique. Players can freely interact with NPCs in the game space, participate in a variety of gameplay, and even use their own imagination to build and explore a world that is exclusive to players; players can create their own personal territory, anytime View territory data from anywhere. The game covers the fields of virtual territory, immersive social interaction, etc., and finally creates an open metaverse game ecology that integrates games, exploration, and social interaction.

&#x20;In the game, users can conduct space battles, find resources, buy weapons and develop planets, or team up to fight for corresponding resources, and gradually build their own space station. All users collaborate based on the open source platform to create new planets in space, occupy new territories, build their own territories, and jointly build a new human civilization in the metaverse era. Based on NFT properties, game players have ownership and can transfer or trade.&#x20;

The Perfect Planet metaverse ecology is not only a world of entertainment, but also a world where you can make money through games. The Perfect Planet community is a DAO organization composed of cryptocurrency enthusiasts. Perfect Planet focuses on innovation and optimization in the field of token trading. , creating a truly unique and enduring metaverse financial sector for Perfect Planet. Perfect Planet adopts the revolutionary twin token model, PPG and PPF tokens complement each other to form a new DEFI financial model. PPF & PPG are issued on the BSC (Binance Smart Ecological Chain) network. Gemini Token is the key circulating currency of the community, which can participate in various activities and voting in the community; can participate in the DeFi3.0 ecology, including decentralized financial pledge, liquidity LP, WEB social, Gamefi, NFT and many other parts , to provide power for transactions on the chain, and also support more application scenarios of the Perfect Planet community in the future.&#x20;

Perfect Planet has built an efficient, open and interoperable platform to promote a vibrant new economy and serve many applications such as digital assets, Gamefi, and the Metaverse, making Perfect Planet a world-class aggregated ecological platform and the leader of the Metaverse. Infrastructure, through an open digital economy ecology, promotes the NFT revolution and constitutes an open digital economy.&#x20;

Perfect Planet will eventually become a fully decentralized metaverse project where ownership of the project belongs to the entire community. In the future, Perfect Planet will open an APP client based on the WEB game form, and add a VR mode. Players can experience an immersive game experience by wearing VR peripherals. Perfect Planet will be the largest and most immersive metaverse world in the future.
