# 2.2 Advantages of Gamefi

Compared with traditional games, Gamefi have the following advantages:

**1. Open and transparent:** The advantage code on the chain is open and completely transparent, and users have a higher degree of trust in the game. The characteristics of the blockchain determine that every data in the game is open and transparent, so there is no such thing as a game cheat, because if the player has any objection to any process in the game, he can easily find out problem lies in. The same reasoning can be applied to the non-deceptiveness of game companies to players.

**2. Token incentives:** Through token incentives, the game is community-based. Games don’t just belong to developers, they belong to the entire community, and the community drives game iterations.

**3. Break the monopoly:** Gamefi has broken the monopoly of distribution channels and established a self-distribution network. Gamefi can record all the registration, download, consumption and other behaviors of players on the blockchain, which cannot be tampered with. Through blockchain-based tokens, Lianyou has a decentralized, fully transparent, and intelligent benefit distribution mechanism, enabling game developers, distributors, and users to achieve a win-win situation.

**4. Asset confirmation:** Through blockchain technology, users can truly own virtual assets in the game. Every in-game virtual asset can be issued as NFT that conforms to relevant public chain standards. NFT is encrypted and stored on the blockchain and will never disappear. NFT ownership is entirely owned by the user and is unique. At the same time, NFT assets can be circulated with the help of smart contracts.

**5. Reshaping the economy:** The economic system of Gamefi is not the numerical planning of traditional games, but the token economy. The token economy is a transparent and open value system that carries the ecological value of the entire game. Users who hold tokens have game shares, which are both users and shareholders.

**Gamefi system solves the trust problem between players and players and between players and game companies.** At the same time, the more open gameplay of the game is incomparable to ordinary games. Because the data on the chain is shared, a new game can completely use the game data developed by other companies, especially the game whose logic and assets are all on the chain. If the copyright issue is not considered, the creativity and Customization is greatly improved. In terms of game maintenance and update, because all the data of Gamefi are on the chain, playing Gamefi will not encounter the long-term suspension and update of ordinary games, which greatly improves players' playability. The smoothness of the entire game process is very helpful for retaining users.

Perfect Planet has created a diverse metaverse gaming ecosystem where users and creators have equal opportunities to participate. The powerful ecosystem to which Perfect Planet connects will provide users with a more immersive and "real" 3D world, bringing users into a more immersive augmented reality metaverse digital world, which continues to shorten our The gap between the physical world and the virtual world.
