# 2. Pain points of the game industry

Games have flourished in the past 30 years. From stand-alone games to online games to mobile games, the graphics have become more and more refined, the special effects have become more and more cool, the game volume has become larger and larger, and the industry revenue has repeatedly hit new highs. - The gameplay is declining. This is the only way for the development of the industry, and it is also the inevitable result of continuous commercialization and centralized development, but it does not bring gamers the best experience and feeling.

It is for these reasons that the rise of indie games in recent years has continued to surprise gamers. Many independent games are developed and operated by small development teams, focusing on the return of game value, and digging deeper into the gameplay and fun. However, these games have less ability to attract money than traditional online games, and cannot bring satisfactory returns to the development team. In the long run, it is extremely unfavorable for the industry.

At the same time, the industry chain of the traditional game industry is also not friendly to the most important content providers in the entire chain, game developers. **A lot of revenue is earned by channel dealers and publishers who are in the dominant side of the industry chain. Small and medium-level game developers Even some large game development teams have nothing to do with this.** In order to meet the revenue requirements of channel dealers and publishers, they ignore the rights and interests of game players, and do their best to earn money from players.
