# 3.1 Perfect Planet

As a new generation of Gamefi, Perfect Planet has created a brand-new virtual world. Perfect Planet is a 3D first-person interstellar exploration game, with the theme of science fiction elements of unknown alien planets, covering characters, monsters, mines and other elements . Perfect Planet's game style is unique. Players can freely interact with NPCs in the game space, participate in a variety of gameplay, and even use their own imagination to build and explore a world that is exclusive to players; players can create their own personal territory, anytime View territory data from anywhere. The game covers the fields of virtual territory, immersive social interaction, etc., and finally creates an open metaverse ecology integrating games, exploration, and social interaction.

**1. Game background**

In 2188 AD, human beings discovered an unknown planet and detected a large number of rare PPG mines on the planet. Humans organized a mining team to mine. Who would have thought that the mining operation had alarmed the ferocious monsters on the planet, and the mining team was attacked by a lot of people. The attack of alien monsters caused heavy losses to the mining team. Humans decided to organize a capable hunting team to encircle and suppress alien monsters...

**2. Gameplay**

In the game, users can conduct space battles, find resources, buy weapons and develop planets, or team up to fight for corresponding resources, and gradually build their own space station. All users collaborate based on the open source platform to create new planets in space, occupy new territories, build their own territories, and jointly build a new human civilization in the metaverse era. Based on NFT properties, game players have ownership and can transfer or trade.

**3. Interstellar Store**

Category display game props material:

**NFT equipment:** 1-star\*: laser gun, 2-star\*\*: electromagnetic gun; 3-star\*\*: particle cannon Mining equipment:

One star\*: Mining robot (robot shape, arm with shovel);

Two stars\*\*: High speed excavator (excavator shape);

Three stars\*\*\*: Energy spacecraft (flying saucer shape, swallowing function).

**Territory:** NFT Territory (quantity 3000, price 1500U)

**Blind box:** Blind box (quantity 1000 copies)

**Note:** Each account can hold up to 5 weapons, 5 pieces of equipment, and 10 NFT territories. (This restriction is invalid for open blind boxes)

**Interstellar store purchase process:**

Click Buy, enter the purchase quantity in the pop-up box, and confirm the purchase.

Click on the item, and a pop-up box will display the details of the item.

**Laser Gun:**

Price: 3800PPG mine + 2200PPF energy

Durability: 180

Output: 6.45 energy/each

Attrition Durability: 7.5/per time

**Electromagnetic Gun:**

Price: 10100PPG mine + 5900PPF energy

Durability: 480

Yield: 17.5 energy/each

Wear Durability: 20/each

**Particle Cannon:**

Price: 25200PPG mine + 14800PPF energy

Durability: 10800

Output: 43.74 energy/per time

Wear Durability: 45/each

**Mining robot:**

Price: 4200PPG ore source + 1800PPF energy

Durability: 240

Output: 8.3 energy/each

Wear Durability: 10/each

Physical fitness: 180

Energy consumption: 7.5/each time

**High-speed excavator:**

Price: 11200PPG mine + 4800PPF energy

Durability: 600

Output: 22.7 energy/each

Attrition Durability: 25/each

Physical fitness: 540

Energy consumption: 22.5/each time

**Energy spaceship:**

Price: 28000PPG mine + 12000PPF energy

Durability: 1320

Output: 57 energy/each

Attrition Durability: 55/each

Physical fitness: 1440

Energy consumption: 60/each time

**4. Territory management**

On the My Territory page, you can view all NFT territory data under the user's account. Click on each territory to enter the management territory page.

Weapons and equipment must be deployed on the NFT territory to generate the corresponding PPF energy and PPG mineral resources.

The territory management page can manage the configuration of weapons and equipment in a territory of your own, as well as the output and income.

Each territory can be configured with up to 30 weapons and equipment. After configuring weapons and equipment, produce PPF energy and PPG mineral resources according to the time schedule, and members can receive the output income of the territory.

l **Click Add Equipment, select the weapons and equipment in My Account in the pop-up box to confirm the configuration.**

l **Click one button to receive, and settle the output of all weapons and equipment on the territory.**

l **One-click repair to restore the durability and stamina of all weapons and equipment on the territory.**

l **When the stamina or durability of weapons and equipment is 0, special marks will be displayed.**

l **Click Restore Durability on a weapon or equipment to restore the durability value of the weapon or equipment.**

l **Click the supplementary stamina on a weapon or equipment to restore the stamina of the weapon or equipment.**

**5.PPG ore source + PPF energy**

**PPG ore source:** PPG ore source is the main material used for equipment manufacturing. Every time you make a piece of equipment, you need a certain amount of energy PPG source. The higher the level of equipment manufacturing, the more energy PPG minerals are required.

**PPF Power:** Many scenes in the Perfect Planet metaverse require PPF power. When mining resources, the equipment is powered by energy, and the equipment continuously consumes energy. If the electricity is insufficient, it will not be possible to continue the resource extraction. Furthermore, every time a device is manufactured, a certain amount of energy is required as an auxiliary material.

The mining and energy sources of synthetic equipment have a deflationary mechanism and are destroyed regularly. The destruction of the token will reduce the supply, which will increase the purchasing pressure of equipment and encourage investors to retain assets. Token destruction is very important in the entire Perfect Planet token incentive model, and destruction is the most important means of circulation tightening.
