# 3.2 Perfect Planet game stage

Perfect Planet is not only an interstellar exploration game, but also provides players with a second life based on interstellar travel. Perfect Planet is not a single project, but a metaverse ecosystem built by players.

In Perfect Planet, players start from a login ship and explore the vast universe, from single-handedly to team combat, from discovering new planets to territory construction, step by step to build their own empire.

For players, this game has achieved the goal of self-value realization. For the Perfect Planet project as a whole, it brings together the achievements of civilization created by many players, and builds a real metaverse that carries a new civilization of mankind.

**The first stage: mining resources, constructing infrastructure**

Players start by opening the blind box, obtain initial equipment, and start to enter space alone. Players can fight against space monsters to gain profits; they can also obtain corresponding resources in the "Interstellar Store". Players can mine resources, and after obtaining resources, players can upgrade infrastructure, and high-level equipment has stronger combat effectiveness.

**The second stage: competition for resources, territory development**

At this stage, players can play against other players and turn on PVP mode. When the player's game experience is improved and he has a certain prestige in the community, he can recruit players to form a team. Teams can work together, have stronger combat power, and more easily discover new planets and seize new territories. Teams can also set up DAO organizations, jointly fund and compete for resources, and build territories together.

**The third Stage: Virtual Reality, Metaverse Stage**

With the perfect construction of the territory and complete space facilities, it has attracted a large number of players and gained huge economic benefits. Perfect Planet will also carry out the reform and upgrade of the platform, from the most primitive web page version to the mobile APP version to the final VR Gamefi stage, that is, the virtual reality metaverse stage, players can use Perfect Planet's VR glasses to personally experience and Experience the excitement brought by the game world. In the future, Perfect Planet will introduce virtual avatars, which are game characters. After the player has a character identity, he can leave the space planet for socializing and entertainment, and further expand the gameplay scene. At the same time, the avatar system will be compatible with Loot and Mloot, and allow other 3D characters to be imported, gradually creating an open-source, decentralized virtual character system.
