# 8.4 Metaverse Future

Zuckerberg's big move on Facebook made the Metaverse occupy the center of public opinion for a time. However, Zuckerberg only showed an office system that requires the use of Oculus VR glasses at the press conference, which is far from the real landing of the Metaverse world. Still a long way.

According to the currently accepted logic of metaverse ecological construction, a complete metaverse system needs support from three aspects, namely:

**Hardware devices that lead people into the virtual world (currently mainly through VR and AR glasses);**

**A complete virtual world network, including life, office, entertainment and many other elements;**

**The last one is the blockchain technology. The blockchain is the key technology to realize the huge data distribution in the virtual world. NFT and TOKEN can break through the real and virtual currency exchange barriers.**

In the field of the metaverse, Perfect Planet has innate advantages. The hardware and software barriers no longer exist for the Perfect Planet community. Perfect Planet will realize the real landing of the metaverse. Creating a complete virtual reality world - the metaverse world is the final form of the Perfect Planet ecology. Perfect Planet holders can collaboratively create virtual worlds and games without the need for centralized governance. In actual operation, the ecological process of Perfect Planet will be divided into three stages, namely:

**1. Drainage stage: Provide a high-quality game and financial environment for many digital currency enthusiasts through the existing ecology of Perfect Planet, lock loyal users through the community DAO structure, and attract traffic.**

**2. Application stage: On the basis of user traffic, Perfect Planet is based on Gamefi and NFTs, and will soon implement numerous blockchain encryption ecological applications. Each application complements each other and finally forms a closed ecosystem.**

**3. Metaverse stage: The popularization of the Metaverse will promote the accelerated and in-depth integration of the real economy and the digital economy. The Perfect Planet team will unite with real companies to empower the application of blockchain encryption ecology in the real industry, realize new business models, and reconstruct The distribution model, the reconstruction of the organizational form, the reshaping of industrial relations, and finally the formation of a complete metaverse ecosystem.**
