# 1.1 Global Game Market

The industry regards games as a key to unlocking the metaverse world. Thanks to the industry's advantages in 3D digital content creation, it is expected that games will become the main form of presentation in the early metaverse. In the future, the value of the game industry, the number of game users, game developers, operators and promoters will surely increase rapidly. Key indicators such as the growth rate of game users, the retention rate, and the benchmark rate of willingness to spend on games will also grow rapidly with the development of the game industry. **It is estimated that the total output value of the global game market will exceed US$181 billion in 2022.** Virtual goods, advertising and guided consumption will continue to be the main source of income for the global game market, and the game industry will definitely develop very well, and start exploring the metaverse.

It is predicted that the consumption of virtual goods will grow the fastest, with a compound annual growth rate of about 15.2%. Among them, 33% of players consume once a month, and 25% of players consume once a week. As the 5G era is approaching, more new types and new IP mobile games will surely attract more global players. It is expected that in 2022, mobile games will account for more than half of the total game market output value.

The scale of the global game market continues to expand, and the industry is in good shape. According to Newzoo, the global game market has grown from $70.6 billion in 2012 to $177.8 billion in 2020, with a CAGR of 12.2%, and is expected to exceed $200 billion in 2023. Among them, the proportion of mobile games has increased from 12.9% in 2012 to 49% in 2020, and is expected to reach 52% in 2021. The global game market will continue to grow, among which mobile games will become the main factor for continued growth. The overall development trend of the industry is good and the space is broad.

The game industry is actively experimenting with more sophisticated visual effects, virtual world construction, automated generation, user-created creation, social mode, etc., and some user-created and social platforms have emerged. Perfect Planet is one of them. The Perfect Planet team will Continuous innovation and evolution are made in categories that are close to the concept of the metaverse, such as open world, UGC platform, Web social networking, Gamefi, and virtual currency practice.
