# 8.2 Perfect Planet Web3.0 Life Service Platform

Perfect Planet Web3.0 service platform uses Perfect Planet twin tokens as incentive currency and means of circulation and settlement, introduces PGC, UGC, developers, provides information, community, live broadcast, data and other services, builds a Web3.0 network system, attracts users , retain users, and serve consumption scenarios. In these processes, an open and transparent pricing system is designed for content supplement, interactive supplement, service consumption and other links, and all incentives are settled in the form of tokens.

**User:** The behavior of reading, evaluating, sharing, and reporting the content of each topic will be recorded by the system, and the system will define the number of tokens obtained based on the value of these behaviors. When using community apps, you also need to pay for corresponding tokens when purchasing community items; users who publish SPAM information and violate community regulations will have their corresponding tokens deducted.

**PGC:** Flexible and dynamic registration, fragmented production, and rewards by contributing content. The higher the quality, the more rewards. The initial distribution of information content will be obtained with a certain amount of deposit paid by PGC, and the content will be checked by users' clicks, shares, reports and other interactive feedback to the community. Good content will get additional tokens, and bad content will be deducted from the deposit.

**Developer:** Provide users with various community services, such as emoticons, score push, etc. Developers are rewarded according to the usage of services, and developers need to consume corresponding tokens to publish and promote their own services.

**Platform:** The platform will charge a certain service fee for each transaction in the ecosystem, which will be used for subsequent ecological expansion, platform construction, maintenance and development.

The core of the Web3.0 life service platform is Perfect Planet's AI artificial intelligence engine. Perfect Planet AI is a built-in artificial intelligence engine in the Metaverse, which integrates scattered data sources (such as user-authorized data, data suppliers, etc.), algorithm models, and computing resources to complete predetermined tasks. Perfect Planet AI consists of data protocol Data, model protocol Model, and execution engine protocol STEngine. Data access specifications include: multi-dimensional data format, data fragmentation, data compression, data encryption, etc. The multi-dimensional data is compatible with HDF format, and a large number of existing analysis programs can be directly applied. The security of user privacy data is ensured by methods such as K-anonymization and differential privacy. Perfect Planet Model is an algorithm model definition, operation and storage specification. It supports multiple formats such as Protocol buffers, CaffGSodel, and JSON. It has built-in commonly used AI algorithm models, and more models will be provided by metaverse model developers.
