# 8.3 Perfect Planet Payment System

From a global perspective, the application of blockchain in B2B cross-border payment and settlement business can reduce the cost of each transaction from $26 to $15. In the future, banks and banks can no longer pass through a third party, but through blockchain technology to realize point-to-point payment, which not only saves the third-party financial institution, but also realizes all-weather payment, real-time arrival, easy cash withdrawal and no invisible cost.

The Perfect Planet ecosystem continues to strengthen and explore the application of blockchain technology in cross-border payments. The main purpose of Perfect Planet in cross-border payment is to help banks make cross-border payment more convenient. Perfect Planet has created the Perfect Planet Ledger Protocol. The protocol is essentially a real-time settlement system and currency exchange and remittance network based on a distributed open source internet protocol, consensus ledger and native currency Perfect Planet. Perfect Planet's cross-border distributed financial payment system will enable banks to send real-time international payments between different networks.

As a uniquely positioned decentralized financial technology, Perfect Planet's cross-border payment system plays a key role in unlocking the network effects of the Internet of Value. Perfect Planet provides a more complete cross-border payment method to all parties involved in cross-border payment. The main advantages are as follows:

&#x20;Large international banks reduce operating costs and increase market share in cross-border payments;

&#x20;Provide competitive liquidity to small and medium-sized banks to attract new customers;

&#x20;Third-party market makers compete to provide global liquidity and provide competitive foreign exchange rates;

&#x20;Individuals and businesses enjoy faster, cheaper, and status-visible payment services.

Perfect Planet will provide interfaces for users, payment APIs and SDKs for Dapps, merchants and users to instantly accept or pay for crypto assets (eg, PPG, PPF, ERC20 tokens, Tron tokens, BSC tokens, etc.). Perfect Planet's cross-border payment system, Perfect Planet Payment, is expected to be launched in July 2023. The Perfect Planet Payment payment system creates a decentralized financial chain asset transmission network to solve asset conversion and trust between financial institutions and users. At the same time, it provides multi-national legal currency and multi-blockchain currency solutions, prepaid financing on the supply chain, cross-border finance, factoring financing and other financial services for users on the Internet.

Payment transactions on Perfect Planet Network can be confirmed in sub-seconds and can significantly reduce fees, providing Dapp users with a smoother, frictionless payment experience. Perfect Planet provides Dapp developers and users with a simple interface and payment API/SDK to instantly accept or pay for crypto assets such as BSC tokens, PPF, PPG, ETH, Bitcoin, etc. Perfect Planet holders form a complete payment system. The holders are not only a community of interests, but also open up the connection between decentralized finance and centralized finance, and reshape the payment industry. Through the Perfect Planet Payment system, any transfer can be made. currency, including any digital asset such as USD, EUR, RMB, JPY or Bitcoin.
